# Integrations

## Option 1 - Add Alert Rule (Run Time)

### Prerequistes:
1. Confirm you have an Account Group to choose or create one in advance if needed.
2. If interested in choosing a single or select set of policies, COPY & SAVE TEXT OF POLICIES TO SOMEWHERE IN ADVANCE.

### Steps:
1. From Left-sidebar, Click **Alerts** Dropdown
2. **Alert Rules**
3. From upper right, Click **Add Alert Rule**
4. For most cases, choose **Run**
5. Type in a *Alert Rule Name* and Click **Next**
6. Search for and select an Account Group
7. In Most cases, just pick *Select all policies* and Click **Next**.  Searching for specific policies is not necessarily easy unless you know policy in advance.
8. Show all the different Notification options on the screen.
9. Toggle any you choose for examples.
10. Answer questions and end demo here.
   

## Option 2 - Select an exisiting Alert Rule 

### Prerequisites
1. Best to know in advance which Alert Rule you want to choose, although most any should do.

### Steps:
1. From Left-sidebar, Click **Alerts** Dropdown
2. **Alert Rules**
3. Pick (search if needed) 
4. On the *Add Alert Rule* screen, Click **4 Set Alert Notifications**
5. Show all the different Notification options on the screen.
6. Toggle any you choose for examples.
7. Answer questions and end demo here.
   
   
## Additional Refs:
Bring up and send partner/customer link to this documentation for additional help.
[Send Prisma Cloud Alert Notifications to Third-Party Tools](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin/manage-prisma-cloud-alerts/send-prisma-cloud-alert-notifications-to-third-party-tools.html#idcda01586-a091-497d-87b5-03f514c70b08)
